The Devil: Alright come you blody rodent this shall be you last battle
Mystic Man:Dont be too overconfident sir
*
Mystic man:MYSTIC PUNCH!!!!!
The Devil:Ughhh... did not expect you would be this good
Evillian:Master it is best if we defeat him together
The Devil:No i have killed several such rodents and he too shall face a gruesome death
Mystic man: We will see about that 
The Devil:So you wont give up now you shall regret
*
Mystic man:MYSTIC BEAM!!!!
The Devil:Arrrghhh why wont you lose, I cant be defeated ... Ughh it pains
Evillian:Master you are covered in blood, please I cannot loose you. We can defeat him by using the ancient fusion technique
The Devil:Looks like we have no other option, i will regret this. Alright let us fuse with each other
And then suddenly both bodies merge and a powerful beast is formed.The power of the transformation was felt throughout the city
Devillian:Now come you blody rodent ,I shall slaughter you into pieces and feed it to the demons in hell
Mystic Man:I can sense huge amount of power from that beast, It is time to show my full power
Mystic Man:SOUL BOOST x10!!!!!
Mystic man's power and defense has increased 10 fold
Devillian: So is this your strongest form, ok bring it on let me show you what happens if you mess with a god!!!
Suddenly Devillian charges and creates huge ball of plasma which is more than enough to destroy a city.
Mystic Man:If i dont defeat him in one move then i along with innocent people will die.
Looking towards the sky mystic man shouts
Mystic Man:MYSTIC ANGELS PLEASE LEND ME YOUR ANCIENT POWER AND HELP ME FINISH MY ENEMY WHO PLANS TO DESTROY THIS WORLD
Lightning roars and three strange figures in sky appear, all of them emanating aura around them 
Devillian:Come and face death
^
The angels above answered his prayer and mystic man was fully charged and ready to execute his ultimate move. 
Mystic Man:ZEN MYSTIC PUNCH!!!
Mystic Man : You are slain, done and dusted. Now return to the DEATH WORLD and never come again.
EBOSS: As you wish oh mighty Hero.
Devillian:Aaaarrrrrggghhhhhhh ,how can anyone be stronger than god. I give up