THE UNSOLVED ANTHEM

%A tall lone figure was at an unknown location in New York. The mysterious individual was dressed in a thick coat that was as black as the night sky. Sitting at his grand desk, he started to plan his revenge. This evil villain's name was Evillain.
~%Also in New York lived an honourable hero. He was named Mystic Man. He had humongous muscles and was the local hero of the people in the 'Big Apple'. Fighting villains was his life. 
On January the 16th 2008 Evillain captured the President of the United States. He anticipated to keep him captive and get paid millions of dollars to return him to the White House. Evillain is a remarkably powerfull man, so it was not challenging for him to capture the great leader. All he needed was a disguise~.
%Evillain shaved his beard and put outrageously nerdy glasses on and travelled to the White House. His first mission was to get an official security guard uniform. Easy. Sneakily, Evillain crept up behind a security guard and punched him forcefully several times. Evillain then cautiously removed the uniform of the guard and put it on.  
Quick, is what Evillain had to be. Soon enough someone was bound to notice an unconscious security guard on the floor.
Evillain walked swiftly into the White House and headed for the President's office.
D- While walking in the corridor another security guard approached him and said ' Bob, remember that thing that we have to do, lets do it now,' .
Evillain was lost for words and said nothing and silently walked away. The other guard was utterly confused and wondered about what had just happened. Then he realised that it wasn't Bob who he had just chatted to and quickly he darted after Evillain.
As soon as Evillain arrived in the presidents office, he shouted. " Quick, Quick Mr President come with......" ~%At that very moment, before Evillain could finish his sentence, the security guard and Mystic Man both entered the office. Mystic Man flew in at lightning speed and Evillain sprinted in. Evillain was grabbed by Mystic Man's ultra strong arms and was hurled out the window where the police were waiting for him. The security guard was slightly confused and then he realised what had happened
"Why?" exclaimed the bewildered President. "Why did you do that?"
"That Security Guard is actually Evillain in disguise," explained Mystic Man
"The horrible villain is now headed to jail for his ghastly deed."
Before the President could thank Mystic Man, he flew out and was gone, that is until another crime occurs~.

%Its was in the jail to his surprise, Evillain realized how he was not successful in his plans to kidnap the President. He started to realize that he had good plans but no support to do so. After 5 years of completing his capital punishment, Evillain was released again. But this time he had some great plans to start again.
On the Independence day of the nation he again wanted to attempt to trap the President from the white house. It was the day of celebration and all the citizens of the state gathered near the White House to celebrate the Event with Mr. President.
When Mr. President was about to Hoist the Flag, Suddenly there was an humongus Explosion in the Arena. To everyones surprise from beneath the explosion came the Evillain and he challenged the President in front of all to kidnap him within 10 seconds. 
Evillain: "Schocked to see me President, I was the same Evaillain whom you punished me to jail 5 years ago. I am back and this time i have received powers from the devil to take revenge".
President: "OH!! EVAILLAIN. I am not surprised to see you. You are among those bunch of fools who try to scare people my mere jugglery of words but do nothing. I ain't scared of you."

Evillain: "I challenge you in front of your security officials that I will kidnap you within 10 seconds, you ain't do nothing about that."
President: " Screamed!!,  Guards arrest this crook. Right now."
Evillian suddenly summons a soldier from hell to accomplish his task
Evillian: Soldier go and cut his tounge~
%As soon as the soldier is about to slay the president with his sword a strange figure appears before the soldier and blocks his move with lightning speed. It is the great hero Mystic man!!!!
Mystic man:How dare you attack the president I shall send you back to hell~
*
Evilllian: Damnit !! why does he always have to appear when i am so close to victory
Mysticman: OH you wont escape this for sure.
Mystic Man:FOCUS CHARGE!!!
Evillian: You coward, be a man and attack from the front.
Evillian again summons a soldier from hell, which hen charges towards mystic man
*
Mystic Man: The crooks deserve the crooked ways.

Evillian: My Evil Friend from the Death world, please hear my request I need your help now, I cannot fight alone with Mystic man.

Suddenly the clouds change their direction and the BOSS from the Death world arrives,THE DEVIL!!!.
DEVIL:What is the matter my son
Evillian :Remember the brat who imprisoned me 5 years ago, now it is our turn to make him suffer.With your help we can slay him.  
DEVIL: Leave this rodent to me I shall slit his throat and give him a slow and painfull death 
Mystic Man: So be it EBoss!!!
And thus the final battle begins,the battle which would decide the fate of humanity
*

%President: Oh mighty one you have saved us from the clutches of wretched men, we are so greatful for your kind gesture. Please accept this special "Anthem Book" which contains the secret of special powers from our ancestors.!!!
Mystic Man: Ohhhhhhh That's really kind of you~.
When he opens the BOOK, there is sudden lightning and  Mystic Man disappears in the book. 
What happened next is Unknown to Everyone.

The END
